fresh reaction wrestlemania 31 was it
everything that you expected for it to
be yeah yeah maybe no yes maybe yes all
right well this video is Moore's
overreaction to the main event of the
evening more so than it was the entire
night um I'm not gonna really give a
review on the entire night because I'd
be too long a video um main event
Seth Rollins cashes and money in the
bank as you see on the screen um you
know as expected some of the WWE fans
took a complete crap on Roman reigns and
like you know I can understand the
perspective of what people how people
feel about the Roman reigns character um
I think that he's like the I think that
he's like Kevin Nash almost like circa
95 like a diesel character like Roman
reigns is almost like the 2015 version
of diesel that's basically what he is
and most WWE fans like myself see that
we realize that and we don't like it I
mean the you know it's our frog live
doctor like it but you know I can't
speak for everybody some people do love
Roman reigns you know when they have a
lot of estrogen in their body now didn't
go going on the UM this match over Rome
and uh you know Brock Lesnar look like
his big beastly self as they made him
out to be inhuman um I mean the match
was pretty darn good went back and forth
Lesnar didn't get pinned in this um you
know Seth Rollins comes out cashes in
the Money in the Bank it suddenly
becomes a fatal fatal Oh a triple threat
match and in the triple threat match
format the champion does not have to be
pinned in order to lose a championship
so naturally to keep Brock Lesnar strong
because he resigned with the company
this week um they didn't have Brock
Lesnar get pinned at all in this but he
and you know him a sufferer on his did
go back a four front
a whole bunch of sir you know suplexes
and f5s and Spears and you know as soon
as I seen Roman reigns with the Superman
punches I was like oh my god here we go
because I just don't think the deserves
that spot but you didn't think then
you'll turn around you'll come to me and
say so Seth Rollins deserves a spot more
than Roman reigns does not necessarily
but if they're moving forward we're
having Daniel Bryan as the IC champion I
haven't you know John Cena is the the US
Champion I mean if they're gonna go
ahead with you know pushing someone and
the main event picture it should be safe
around us at this point all Roman reigns
at this point and then they could have
um you know Lesnar or somebody else to
kind of bounce off in the main event
picture someone that we already know is
a legitimate main eventer that's not
John Cena at this point so overall for
Wrestlemania I give it about maybe at
eight eight point one
you know the main event with Seth
Rollins cashing and then it definitely
took it form a 7.5 to 8.1 pretty pretty
unpredictable didn't know was gonna
happen at night I mean you kind of feel
it in the air that was gonna probably
happen tonight it's the first time in
WrestleMania history that this is
happening so you know overall very very
good show let me know how you guys feel
down below mr. WC you know I'm not like
I'm not like a big Seth Rollins fan but
the guy just looks he looks correct with
the champion a chip he just looks like
he kind of deserves that championship
I'm not saying that he deserves and his
character deserves a play the guy the
guy looks like it belongs with them so I
like the way the ending happen and know
how you guys feel mr. WC pretty good
show but until next time folks peace out